Add one-pager about performance characteristics of providers (#2983)
crossplane/crossplane: design/one-pager-performance-characteristics-of-providers.md

in a given time period is not provided by Prometheus, this data is reported as a result of preprocessing.

**Providing a Declarative Way to Define the Experiment Details:** In order to be easily identifiable, a method that accepts 
yamls and runs the experiment with this declarative method is applied. In this set of yamls, there may be inputs such as 
resource templates to be deployed to the cluster, configurations of the experiments, configurations for the reporting 
results etc.

- User can provide an example resource manifest that will be deployed to the cluster during experiment.
```yaml
apiVersion: network.azure.jet.crossplane.io/v1alpha2
kind: VirtualNetwork
metadata:
  name: test-vn
spec:
  forProvider:
    addressSpace:
      - 10.0.0.0/16
    dnsServers:
      - 10.0.0.1
      - 10.0.0.2
      - 10.0.0.3
    location: East US
    resourceGroupName: example
  providerConfigRef:
    name: example
```
- User can specify the number of resources that will be created by using the configuration yaml or command-line options.
The developed tool can manipulate the metadata.name for each applying operation.

- User can specify some basic configurations via yaml file.
```yaml

> experimentName: test-experiment
> imageOfProvider: crossplane/provider-jet-azure:v0.8.0
> ignoredMetrics:
>   - cpu_utilization
> numberOfRepetations: 1
> cleanCluster: false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name: test-experiment
provider:
  image: crossplane/provider-jet-azure:v0.8.0
metrics:
  ignore:
  - cpu_utilization
# What is repetition in this context exactly?
count: 1
cluster: Kind | Minikube | Existing
```

nitpick suggestions for field naming.
